Data Description

Netflix is one of the most popular media and video streaming platforms. This tabular dataset consists of listings of all the movies and tv shows available on Netflix, along with details such as - cast, directors, ratings, release year, duration, etc.
As a Data Analyst, you need to analyse the data and generate insights that could help Netflix in deciding which type of shows/movies to produce and how they can grow the business in different countries
The dataset provided to you consists of a list of all the TV shows/movies available on Netflix. Here are the attributes or features of the dataset.

Type: Whether the content is a Movie or TV Show
Title: Title of the Movie / TV Show
Director: Director of the Movie. There can be multiple directors also.
Cast: Actors involved in the movie/show
Country: The country where the movie/show was produced
Release_year: Actual Release year of the movie or tv show
Genres: Genre or Genres of the content (there can be multiple genres as well say the movie Avengers is Sci-Fi but it is Action and Adventure too)


Below is the list of tasks that you need to do:

1. Load the dataset in your environment.
2. Perform EDA (exploratory data analysis) on the dataset.
3. Plot some meaningful graphs here which convey some insights and those insights businesses can use to further increase their revenue and attract more customers.
4. Find answers to the below questions from this dataset.

Questions:

a. Which are the top 5 directors who produce most of the movies only?
b. Which are the top 5 genres which are liked by people or here liking means listed on the portal of Netflix (you can find a count for each genre and list the top 5 genres) for movies and TV shows?
c. Which 2 directors should Netflix collaborate with more based on the increase in their movies or tv shows over the past years?
d. Which are the top 10 actors who are liked by people and have the most content on the Netflix OTT platform.
e. Which 2 actors should Netflix collaborate with more based on the increase in their movies or tv shows over the past years?
